use chunksizes as tile sizes for rectification (#283)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

  reprojection method in `xcube.core.gen.iproc.XYInputProcessor` and
  `xcube.core.gen.iproc.DefaultInputProcessor`, if ground control points are not 
  specified, i.e. the input processor is configured with `xy_gcp_step=None`. (#206)

> * Tile sizes for rectification in `xcube gen`are now derived from output_writer_params if given and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tile sizes for rectification in `xcube gen` are now derived from `output_writer_params` if given in configuration and 
```

>   if it contains chunksizes for 'lat' or 'lon', in order to use dask.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if it contains a `chunksizes` parameter for 'lat' or 'lon'. This will force the generation of a chunked xcube dataset and will utilize Dask arrays for out-of-core computations. This is very useful for large data cubes whose time slices would otherwise not fit into memory.
```
